Jank: Here.
What's that?
Isn't it time to celebrate?
You're very generous.
Lon: You're getting
soft in your old age.
You're one to talk.
Lon: The life of a
Darkling is uneventful.
We live a much longer
life than humans do,
so many of us
have gotten lazy.
Some lives can last
centuries yet still feel empty.
Delicious.
Not many can feel the
way that I do right now.
In this moment,
I am truly fulfilled.
That sword was well forged.
[roaring]
A true Hero.
He did it!
Dai [thought]: I've never
seen anything like it.
That sword you're holding
is a living thing.
The choice of when and where to
fight belongs to it, as well.
Dai: I get it.
A weapon this destructive
shouldn't be used
for just anything.
That's why you seal
yourself away, isn't it?
I promise I'll only
borrow your strength...
to fight truly
powerful enemies.
Or when everyone
needs saving, okay?
I'm glad to have you...
On my side.
Leona: Dai!
Leona: Huh?
Oh, come on.
What's he doing now?
He must have gone to help
the others finish the fight.
I sense one more
source of evil energy.
The enemy leader wasn't
the one piloting the colossus?
Leona: What's the matter?
I sense...
That something truly
horrible is about to happen.
Merle, please wait.
You have to hurry, Dai!
Everyone-
Popp and the others
are in danger!
Hyunckel: I understand you
might be a little shocked,
but this is unlike you...
You're wide open, Mystvearn.
Air Strike!
Hyunckel [thought]: He
didn't even try to dodge.
That's his Dark Aura!
Mystvearn: What a
disgraceful failure...
King Vearn's Sovereign
Rock Castle in ruins.
This is all because
I failed to recognize
the power of the
boy's new sword.
It's all...
It's all my fault!
[furious roaring]
Popp: [victorious chuckle]
Well, how do you like that?!
That's what you get for severely
underestimating us, buddy.
Now, I'm going
to finish you off!
No, wait! Just wait, Popp.
You can't be so reckless.
Burn to ashes.
Sizzle!
[roaring]
[worried cries]
[pained grunts]
Ow, ow-ow!
Gah! My tail!
Somebody put me out!
He... He deflected the
spell right back at us.
It's worse...
It feels like the damage from
the spell was amplified, too.
Hyunckel [thought]:
The impact was closer to
that of a Kasizz spell.
The Dark Aura Decimation Field
and Byut Deathstringer...
Are they just a fraction
of his true power?
Mystvearn: So be it.
I will shed my
Shadow Raiment,
and erase all
of you right here!
[worried breaths]
Mystvearn: Now,
you shall realize that
being crushed by the
Sovereign Rock Castle,
or destroyed
by my Dark Aura
would have been a far
less painful defeat.
I can feel him
getting stronger!
Even that giant castle
didn't have this much energy!
The pressure I can feel
coming off of Mystvearn is...
Way worse.
[terrified whimpering]
Hyunckel [thought]: I've
always assumed the source of
Mystvearn's power
was his Dark Aura.
But it seems he has
an even greater weapon.
Could the Aura have
been a mere veil-
covering his true form?
Mystvearn: Now, witness
my ultimate power...
The power of Mystvearn!
[shocked gasps]
Killvearn: ...And stop.
That's enough for now, Myst.
Mystvearn: Killvearn...
We're in trouble.
That's Killvearn, the Reaper!
W-What?!
The Reaper?
It's really him?!
Naughty boy... Naughty boy...
King Vearn's gonna be angry!
Killvearn: That's right.
No matter the circumstances,
your true form can
only be revealed
with King Vearn's
permission, can it not?
Killvearn: Friend or not,
disobey that rule and I
would be forced to intervene.
Mystvearn: You're right.
Apologize! Apologize!
Killvearn: You heard him.
Sovereign Rock Castle is only
one of King Vearn's many toys.
With a sincere apology,
he's sure to forgive
his precious little Myst.
Better that than adding
to your shame of defeat,
wouldn't you say?
Mystvearn: Understood,
I will never fail again.
Killvearn: Then it's back
to your old quiet self, is it?
[amused chuckle]
Well, then...
Killvearn: That settles
it for today, everybody.
He's coming!
Killvearn: We'll be
excusing ourselves for now.
Both: Huh?!
You're retreating?
Killvearn: Dai's sword
was quite impressive,
destroying Sovereign
Rock Castle and all.
Tell him congratulations
on completing it.
Now he won't have to worry about
his friends being useless.
Useless?
Killvearn: Oh, did I stutter?
I believe I've cast stronger
magic than you in my sleep.
Yeah. So useless.
Killvearn: Anyways...
See you soon.
Hey! Wait!
Popp: After all that...
All the destruction you
brought to this city...
Don't think you can insult
us and just get away with it!
Popp, wait!
Come back!
Popp - no!
Popp [thought]:
You won't get away.
This time, I'm taking
the fight to you!
That idiot.
Hey!
Dai - you're back!
Are you all okay?
I could sense a huge
power coming from here.
And now they're gone,
with Popp in pursuit.
Chasing the enemy
alone, like a fool.
[surprised gasp]
Please, hurry.
You might still be able
to catch up to him.
Hyunckel: His anger
is leading him astray.
And he could be
going into a trap.
I got it!
So head northwest.
Are you sure about this?
Hyunckel, Dai's power
is not infinite.
Even with his Dragon Crest
he can be pushed too far.
Yeah.
The old Dai would
be done by now...
After destroying the castle.
But he made it all
the way here, didn't he?
He's still in
the fight, somehow.
You're right.
Maam: He must
have spent a lot of
his energy
destroying that thing.
But he was subconsciously
conserving power.
He's Popp's only chance.
Without Dai he'd be
going straight to his doom.
Maam: What?!
Killvearn is the
personal undertaker
for the Dark King Vearn-
he's tougher than the
other legion commanders.
It's true.
No one in the Dark Army
has ever seen him-
we've only heard
stories of his exploits.
It's said that if you come
face to face with the reaper,
then your demise by his
hand is an inevitability.
What could be that dangerous?!
What's happening?!
Hyunckel [thought]: Dai, you
have to bring Popp back...
Just... don't
fight... head-on!
Maam: Hyunckel...
Maam: Hyunckel!
Killvearn: [delighted chuckle]
Where'd they-
This place is...
north of Orzam!
Popp [thought]: I was
so focused on flying.
Could this be...
The Field of Death?
Is this the stronghold
of the Dark Army?!
Popp [thought]:
There's no mistake.
This is the infamous
Field of Death.
Some call it the world's edge
or the last unexplored land...
An island devoid of any life.
Nobody has ever
approached it and returned.
I get it.
It's the perfect place for the
Dark Army to have their base.
I bet the Dark
King Vearn is here.
I may have gotten
in over my head.
I really need to learn
to control myself.
A flute?
Popp: Killvearn...
Both... Both of you?!
Killvearn: Foolish little boy.
Did you really think you
could keep up with us
unless we wanted you to?
We flew just slow
enough to lead you here,
and you fell for
it like an amateur.
Dummy! Ha!
Killvearn: [amused chuckle]
Oh, yeah?
Well, at least I wasn't
dumb enough to reveal
where my secret
base was hidden.
Killvearn: You Disciples of Avan
have grown rather forceful.
I figured it was time to
get around to doing my job.
What do you mean, "your job"?
What are you talking about?
Popp [thought]:
This isn't good.
Coming here was the
worst idea I've ever had!
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Surely, you've guessed by now.
The way I'm dressed,
my title of Reaper,
and everything else you
might have heard about me...
A-ssas-si-na-tion.
Whoa!
[pained grunt]
Popp [thought]: How did he...
But that attack wasn't
even close to me!
Killvearn:
Strange, isn't it?
[playful laugh]
Wow!
How's that, you dumb reaper?!
[laughing]
Yay! Fire!
You missed!
Popp [thought]: What...
What's going on here?
Am I dreaming?!
Killvearn: Oh, it's
something far nastier.
Killvearn: [chuckling]
Popp [thought]:
It's an illusion.
He's tricked me with
some kind of spell.
Popp [thought]: How?
How is he doing it?!
I didn't see him cast anything
and he didn't use any items.
This high-pitched,
whistling noise.
It's like... a flute.
Could it be...
Killvearn: Bingo.
Now you've got it.
If only you'd realized
a few seconds earlier.
[overwhelmed cry]
Popp [thought]:
What's happening?!
I can't see.
I can't move either.
What's going on?!
No - no!
Killvearn:
[delighted chuckle]
I'll tell you before you die.
My Reaper Flute isn't just
for playing sweet melodies.
It's a tool that
I can use for my work.
When I swing my scythe,
air flows through the flute.
This emits a high-frequency
tone that can barely be heard.
Upon entering the ears,
this sound begins disrupting
my opponent's vision...
In the end, it robs
them of all of their senses.
That's why it's
called the Reaper Flute:
It's the last thing
you're ever going to hear.
Beautiful, isn't it?
Popp: [pained cries]
[laughing]
You whiny fool.
Serves you right!
Killvearn: Don't
mock him too much.
Weaklings like him who
learn their little lessons
become the heart
and soul of their team.
They're the first of a Hero's
party you'll want to get rid of.
That's why we lured
him here alone.
Then lets just end it already!
Killvearn: Well said, Piroro.
Well said.
[excited chuckle]
[whimpering]
Killvearn: So,
the boy followed us.
Hey Popp, you okay?!
Yeah...
Aw. But we almost
got to kill him!
Killvearn: Hold on, Myst.
Even with your powers
you'll need to be
careful when approaching
the Hero when he's
holding that sword.
I'll take this.
Dai, you gotta be careful.
That Reaper Flute is bad news.
Killvearn: Huh?!
Oh no! The Reaper Flute
isn't working...
Why?!
Piroro: Wh-wh-what?!
How did he damage it?
Killvearn: He did it when he
blocked my attack earlier.
Good going, Dai.
He uses that weird flute of
his to overpower his enemies.
I think that by cracking it...
You might have
prevented him from
controlling the
sound it makes!
Oh, really?
Well, that was lucky.
Dai: We shouldn't take
this fight any further.
Let's find our
chance and escape.
Yeah, good idea.
That is if they give
us a chance to do it.
Killvearn: It looks like we've
come to a bit of a stalemate.
Killvearn: I see. Yes, they
still have that absurd sword.
We both want to finish this,
and we both want to run.
This is frustrating.
So... who will go first?
Dai [thought]: I can't be
certain my sword will come out.
What now?
Killvearn: [impatient growl]
Dai: Popp, can you move?
Popp: I think I'm
free of the spell.
Dai: We've got no choice.
Let's attack and
make a break for it.
Popp: I'm with you.
Killvearn: Showtime.
[charging roars]
Hadlar?!
Y-You... You're still alive?!
Hadlar: Sorry to have kept
you waiting, Mystvearn.
My improvements
were just completed.
Now it's my turn to help you.
Mystvearn: Hadlar...
What? What "improvements"?!
Nothing's changed about him.
Hadlar: Dai, you will
fight me here, and now.
In one on one combat.
It'll be fair and equal, boy.
W-What?!
You're the last
guy to fight fair.
Hadlar: I've cast
aside my pride and even
my Darkling body
to fight here today.
I have but one
single wish remaining:
To finally destroy the Hero,
the legacy of my rival,
that self-righteous Avan!
Dai [thought]: My sword...
It unlocked
without hesitation!
It must realize that
Hadlar is far more
powerful than ever before
-than anything I've faced!
[roaring]
Hey, don't burn all the
energy from your Dragon Crest.
You've got to
pace yourself, Dai!
He's not the Hadlar we knew!
Dai: If I don't use my
full strength - it's over!
[excited laughter]
Yes! Brilliant observation.
You're worthy of battle.
[surprised breath]
[shocked gasps]
End of the road.
For Avan's Disciples.
Narrator: As Hadlar
unleashes a storm of vengeance,
Dai struggles against
this fearsome new power,
even with the full force
of his Draconic Aura.
With the Dark Commander's
strength and resolve
beyond anything
he's ever faced,
will Dai's new blade
live up to the challenge?
Find out next time on
Dragon Quest:
The Adventure of Dai,
"The Clash of
Powerful Swords".